Do you want to hear about the money we got? (oh no)
Talk about the people we shot? (oh no)
Bragg on the clothes we wear? (oh no)
Do you think what we saying' is fair? (oh yea)
Do my crew rock the mic for days? (oh yea)
Do my crew keep it live on stage? (oh yea)
Do Binary Star got the flow? (oh yea)
Don't these wack emcees got to go? (oh yea)

And when you flames want to tussle we got on the muscle
Get you bustin' off walls, take 'em out in couples
Snatch of the rock when you cats fumble
Star hiding any stop when we do the shuffle

Do the shuffle y'all do the shuffle (x4)

Spark the fire, art supplier with hearts desire
I knock 'em out the park hittin' like Mark Mcguire
Your mobile dispenser, your higher than spencer
Every mic get sent in on this adventure
Captain of the seaship rockin you seasick
The beatkicks, I deepsix your weak clip
In the C with the industry, you got potential
I got kinetic energy my embassy
Drop the science on the M-I-C
Mathematics, chemistry making history, a total mystery
How we revolutionize like revolts in the red coast
Binary Star got it locked like dead folks
Let your hair soak in this tub of styles
Even thugs aroused, missed the scrub's around
Break it down to the last compound
Surround your town pound its surround sound tell me how that sound

So when we move through your suckle know we're double trouble
And when you get gassed up we gonna bust your bubble
Even the proudest of cats get made humble
When they run upon a star and we do the shuffle

Do the shuffle y'all do the shuffle (x4)
(My man)

Silla is a dog at this, the rap Cujo
Half of the star spanglin', dynamic duo
You may not no me no but you will later
My crew is about to blow up like inflators
So when you tryin to shine got flyin to eclipse
Yesterday had no kicks but today they on a iewng
See a southern in the block spittin politics
Attempting to rub elbows and have us pop flicks
Getting in the mix don't even know the recipe
You know my aptitude there's no need for testing me
Just move along now ain't nothing to see here
We got this baby and we gonna be here

And if we wanna knuckles we know how to hussle
Let you never see us sweat when we on the bussle
Keep it cool at whatever even while we struggle
Star shine, star and an S sign yo we still shuffle y'all

Do the shuffle ya'll do the shuffle (x4)

Do we talk about the money we got? (oh no)
Talk about the people we shot? (oh no)
Bragg on the clothes we wear? (oh no)
Do you think what we saying' is fair? (oh yea)
Do my crew rock the mic for days? (oh yea)
Do my crew keep it live on stage? (oh yea)
Do Binary Star got the flow? (oh yea)
Don't these wack emcees got to go? (oh yea)

Do the shuffle ya'll do the shuffle (x4)
(I'm doin it) (everbody do the shuffle)

I tell ya I don't mind shuffling